hold on the toys are back in town just
trying to get home again Damaris part of
a marriage function Toy Story 2 coming
soon to the is new DVD
Oh
Mustard's his life oh you know playing
on his 40th birthday but the kid he used
to be
anyway entirely
Bruce Willis is the kid found over 400
design she had with a fab don't get
heavy
lighten up everyone is toffee krisp acid
the night has me check out my hmm
that's not shows in the bedroom when you
rent or buy a video you need to know
that the film you choose is suitable for
the audience at home to help you
understand what the film is like you
could look at a certificate it's been
given this servant been classified PG
this band for parental guidance means
that parents may wish to check the film
before showing to their children it is
an action film it might have some
limited ones it is romantic it might
have some sexy scenes or very brief
nudity
it might also contain some modest way
words video certificates are there to
give you the chance to make the right
choice thanks for listening
that's what